# # OutboundMessageModel

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**sid** | **string** | Outbound Message Sid. |
**from** | **string** | Sender phone number. |
**to** | **string** | Recipient phone number. |
**created_on** | **\DateTime** | Created date. |
**text** | **string** | Message text. |
**carrier** | **string** | Carrier name of &#x60;to&#x60; number. | [optional]
**status** | [**\OpenAPI\Client\Model\OutboundMessageStatus**](OutboundMessageStatus.md) |  |
**error_code** | **int** | If specified, denotes the error occurred when sending a message.&lt;p&gt;Possible values:&lt;/p&gt; &lt;ul&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;b&gt;0&lt;/b&gt;: No error&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;b&gt;1&lt;/b&gt;: Sender phone number is invalid&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;b&gt;2&lt;/b&gt;: Sender phone number doesn&#39;t belong your company&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;b&gt;3&lt;/b&gt;: Sender phone number doesn&#39;t belong any TCR campaign&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;b&gt;4&lt;/b&gt;: Sender phone number is not active yet&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;b&gt;5&lt;/b&gt;: Sender phone number is in process of changing TCR Campaign&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;b&gt;6&lt;/b&gt;: Not all MNO&#39;s were selected on currently attached TCR campaign, please re-create TCR campaign with all MNO&#39;s selected&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;b&gt;1001&lt;/b&gt;: Recipient phone number is invalid&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;b&gt;1002&lt;/b&gt;: Message cannot be sent to the recipient because recipient has opted out&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;b&gt;1003&lt;/b&gt;: Destination number is currently unable to receive text messages (possibly no reception or handset is turned off). Check with end user&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;b&gt;1004&lt;/b&gt;: Destination address does not have text messaging services active&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;b&gt;2001&lt;/b&gt;: Text cannot be empty&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;b&gt;2002&lt;/b&gt;: Text cannot be longer than 8000 characters&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;b&gt;2003&lt;/b&gt;: Callback url cannot be longer than 512 characters&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;b&gt;2004&lt;/b&gt;: Expiration time which was provided with the request is in the past&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;b&gt;2005&lt;/b&gt;: UTC date-time field in the request body was provided in invalid format&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;b&gt;3001&lt;/b&gt;: Message exceeds your Campaign Registry MNO approved throughput limits. The limit specified in TCR Campaign is too low to accomodate a single message&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;b&gt;3002&lt;/b&gt;: SPAM blocking: volume/velocity policies reached and content filtering&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;b&gt;3003&lt;/b&gt;: Equivalent to not authorized. Usually because the number may not have SMS enabled for example&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;b&gt;3004&lt;/b&gt;: Temporarily unable to deliver. Retry&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;b&gt;3005&lt;/b&gt;: Message queue full&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;b&gt;3006&lt;/b&gt;: Message submitting failed&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;b&gt;3007&lt;/b&gt;: Priority is wrong&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;b&gt;3008&lt;/b&gt;: Destination address does not accept messages from Toll Free Numbers&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;b&gt;3009&lt;/b&gt;: Message is too long for receiving provider&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;b&gt;3010&lt;/b&gt;: Source phone number may not be configured correctly (also possible there may be an upstream carrier outage)&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;b&gt;3011&lt;/b&gt;: Network error between aggregator &amp; MNO, please contact support for further details&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;b&gt;3012&lt;/b&gt;: Destination number out of carrier funds for texting at the time (Possibly prepaid user). Check with end user&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;b&gt;3013&lt;/b&gt;: Message flagged due to non-compliant URL&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;b&gt;3014&lt;/b&gt;: Temp TF failure likely due to maintenance update. Please retry sending again in a bit&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;b&gt;3015&lt;/b&gt;: TCR campaign, which the sender number belongs to, is suspended by MNO&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;b&gt;3016&lt;/b&gt;: TCR campaign, which the sender number belongs to, is not approved by DCA yet&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;b&gt;3017&lt;/b&gt;: TCR campaign, which the sender number belongs to, expired&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;b&gt;3018&lt;/b&gt;: TCR campaign, which the sender number belongs to, is in erroneous state. Please contact support if the problem persists&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;b&gt;3019&lt;/b&gt;: Your Telgorithm account has insufficient funds. It has been suspended&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;b&gt;3020&lt;/b&gt;: You&#39;ve reached a throughput allowance likely because of unregistered traffics, please resend or await full Campaign Approval&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;b&gt;2147483647&lt;/b&gt;: Unknown error&lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt; |
**error_description** | **string** | Additional textual description of the error. | [optional]
**callback_url_override** | **string** | If specified - used for sending outbound messages events to this url.  If this url is empty then MessagingConfig urls are used for outbound messages events.  In case of failure we will send the same request to the &#x60;MessagingConfig.OutboundBackupCallbackUrl&#x60; url. | [optional]
**segment_count** | **int** | Message segment count. | [optional]
**media_urls** | **string[]** | Media urls of the message. If null or empty - SMS, if any - MMS. | [optional]
**expires_on** | **\DateTime** | UTC timestamp when the message will expire (or expired). | [optional]
**fees** | [**\OpenAPI\Client\Model\InboundMessageModelFees**](InboundMessageModelFees.md) |  | [optional]

[[Back to Model list]](../../README.md#models) [[Back to API list]](../../README.md#endpoints) [[Back to README]](../../README.md)
